Steel yourself against
my steel, villain!
Your reign of tears is over!
- I got the onion, Dad.
- I'll get the bok choy.
- Hi-yah!
- I'll get the radish.
Yah!
Chop it fine, son. Chop it fine!
- Carrot!
- Mushrooms!
- Ginger!
- Leeks!
- Garlic!
- Soy sauce!
- Beets!
- No beets.
But I like beets.
One final ingredient.
Noodles!
One noodle soup!
So delicious!
- Dad, this dream is awesome!
- It's the noodle dream.
Tai Lung?
I thought you were dead...
Wait! Please, don't eat my son!
- Have some delicious noodle soup.
- So delicious!
Don't worry, Dad.
I got it under control!
No!
Wait! Wait!
Where are you going?
- We're cooking together!
- Sorry, Dad.
Evil doesn't take a holiday...
and neither do I.
Goodbye, Dad.
Po, don't go!
Don't go, my son!
You can't leave me alone!
I need you!
Po!
Dad, where'd they go?
What'd they look like?
Oh, I was dreaming.
It was awful!
We were cooking,
but then you left me.
Now, how could you
leave me?
Dad, it was just a dream.
I'm not goin' anywhere.
Now, come on down.
I got all the decorations out.
Thank you, Po.
You are such a good son.
You owe me 17 yuan
for the new door.
Whoa, right on top!
It's the sun lantern I made
when I was a cub.
You know why it was on top, Po?
Because I opened the box
this summer just to look at it.
I love Winter Festival so much,
sometimes I just can't wait.
- Me, too. The decorations...
- The party games!
The dancing. Huh, Dad? The dancing!
Noodles...
Good morning, Dragon Warrior.
I was just
practicing my...
...Empty Belly Defense.
Mr. Ping, may I
borrow Po for a moment?
Well, actually, we're very
busy decorating for the...
I've come to talk to you about the
Winter Feast at the Jade Palace.
- You will be...
- Be coming?!
The Winter Feast with the Kung Fu
Masters from all the provinces?!
No, Po, you will not be invited.
You will be hosting.
Me? Hosting?
Wonderful news, is it not?
As the Dragon Warrior, this is
one of your most critical duties.
Wow! Thank you, Shifu.
Po, this is
a big opportunity for you.
Your first time
with all the Kung Fu Masters.
The Winter Feast is legendary!
I'll bet you got the best, biggest,
brightest sun lanterns and dancing.
Po. Stop. Stop.
This is the Winter Feast.
It is perfection.
Always elegant.
Always formal.
Awesome. Awesome. I'm all about
elegant. Fancy stuff and fine dinin'.
You have some noodle in your neck fat.
What I'm saying, Po,
is dancing and sun lanterns,
those are common traditions.
So common. I mean, dancing?
Come on!
Sun lanterns?
Weak. Dad! Isn't this great?
Dragon Warrior!
Please, come quickly!
- There are bandits at the bridge!
- What?
I'm on it. See ya, Dad!
Thanks again, Master Shifu!
Mr. Ping.
Hey, guys!
You excited about
the Winter Feast?
Guess what? Master Shifu just told me
I'll be joining you this year.
The Feast is intense!
All the Masters at one table!
One perfect feast.
It's an honor to be invited.
Actually, I'm not just invited.
I'm hosting!
- What?
- Wouldn't be my choice.
- The Feast at the palace is very...
...elegant.
It's a very sophisticated event.
Why does everyone think
I can't do sophisticated?
I... have no idea.
It's just that we think maybe
you could use a little help.
Tigress, I got this.
It's a dinner.
Eating, entertainment.
How much
do you have to know?
There are 18 gestures you must
memorize for the right hand.
Nineteen for the left.
Nineteen for the right,
19, 18 for the left.
This is Feng, the palace artist.
He will do your official portrait.
Pleased to... What?
OK, I'm gonna need a
do-over. I think I was blinking.
This is where you will
seat all of the Kung Fu Masters.
Oh, my dad's
gonna love this feast.
You know, he's never
even been to the palace?
I am sorry, Po.
There are no guests allowed.
I can't bring my dad?
But he's my dad. We always
spend the holiday together.
I understand, Po.
I remember the day
I departed my family
and committed myself entirely
to the duties of kung fu.
You are the Dragon Warrior now,
and therefore this is your duty
above all other bonds.
Now... in your quest
for perfection,
these instructions must
be executed to the letter.
Guard these scrolls
containing the ancient recipes.
Flaked jasmine. Never ground...
...elegant... traditional
greeting of the Masters...
- ...magnificent Golden Ladle!
- What?
Po. Hire a chef. Present them
with the Golden Ladle.
Do you have any questions?
- Nuh-uh!
- Po, do not let me down.
Don't worry, Master Shifu,
I got everything under control...
What?
Master Po. We have brought you
the finest chefs in China.
You'll sample their dishes
and make your choice.
Yeah.
The chef you select will
receive the Golden Ladle.
- Let us begin.
- Alrighty!
Master Po...
I present Chef Wo Hop
of the Heilongjiang Province.
Sir, it is a privilege for me
and the citizens of my village
- to be considered for this great honor.
- Hi, Po!
Hey!
- What just happened?
- Well... as host of the festival,
every gesture of yours
has meaning.
You just gave him the ancient
Hun Shu Wave of Dismissal.
The what? Is that a thing?
That doesn't even sound like a thing!
He has brought great dishonor
upon himself and his village,
and they will be shamed
for all of eternity.
No, no! I was just waving to Monkey!
Can't we just get the rabbit back?
Oh, you're serious? No.
I'll... I'll get the other chefs.
Wow, this feast is intense. Right?
And I just found out
that I can't be with my dad.
Wait a minute. Of course!
You're absolutely right.
I'll choose my dad! Then I'll get
to spend the holiday with him.
Brilliant! You are good.
Come here, you.
OK... I've gotta
get rid of these guys.
Hate the food. Hate the food.
Oh, this...
...isn't really
what we're looking for.
Nope.
No. No... No. No.
This isn't really your year.
No. Nope. Nuh-uh.
Nah. No. Nah.
Ew. Sorry.
That one really is bad.
No. No. None of these will do.
I'll take that. Thank you.
Nice try, everyone.
See you next year!
- Awful.
- Master Po? We haven't picked a chef.
The Golden Ladle!
- Yeah.
- I'm holding it.
- To be asked to prepare a meal
for all the great Kung Fu Masters!
What an extraordinary honor!
When is it?
- Tomorrow night.
- Oh, that won't work.
- What? Why?
- Po, that's the holiday!
- Exactly!
- Well, I cannot leave the restaurant.
- Why not?
- What about our friends?
What about those lonely people
who have no place else to go?
We give them a place
to call home.
There's always room
for one more at Mr. Ping's.
OK, Dad, I appreciate that you
care for all the lonely people.
- And lonely people pay extra.
- But, Dad, I need you.
The Feast is tomorrow. I just fired
all the best chefs in the land.
The best chefs
in the land, huh? Really?
You think your fancy palace
ladle is better than mine?
This is not my "A" ladle.
Dad, look.
I didn't mean that.
It's just I thought this was a way
for us to be together on the holiday.
- I want us to be together.
- But I can't be here!
I have responsibilities
to Shifu!
So be there with Shifu.
Don't you see my beak smiling
with happiness for you?
No, no, no. Come on, Dad!
Don't make me
feel guilty about this.
What... What do
you expect me to do?
I expect you to do
the right thing, Po.
Here, son. You should
have this on the holiday.
How could my dad say no?
"I would rather you stay here,
do my holiday thing with me."
Yeah, fine. Whatever!
Well, what about me, Dad?
Now I gotta cook all alone!
- Po?
- Shifu, hey!
All alone?
You do not have a chef yet?
No, no, of course I have a chef.
You kidding?
No chef...
That would be a disaster.
I gotta get a chef.
- Pardon me?
- Bunny! Awesome, a real chef.
Listen, I know we got off
to kind of a rocky start,
what with me shaming you and your
village for all eternity and whatnot.
But if you could start
dicing those carrots...
I am not here to dice carrots.
- I am here to fight you.
- Huh?
The only way I can lift the veil of
shame is to fight the Dragon Warrior.
Surely I will die,
but it will restore my honor!
What are you doing?
Come on! I don't wanna hurt you.
Look, Bunny,
I get this whole honor thing.
But this isn't kung fu.
You're biting me. Ha! Look,
Bunny, I have enough on my plate
between cooking and my
dad guilting me. Get off...
What is it with parents
and the holidays?
Sometimes they love us too much.
But, it is not my place to say.
It is my place to die.
Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
- OK.
- How dare you!
- There you go.
- Let me out of here!
Po, the table is not set.
- Have you started cooking?
- We've all had our fittings.
- Are you ready?
- I'm on it!
Oh, sorry. Ow!
Wha...? Tap, tap, tap.
Of course he's never here
when you need him.
Po? The vocalist
for the band quit.
I've been waiting
for this moment my whole life.
Let's just go instrumental.
This is an embarrassment.
Po?
Ha-ha!
Ow! Bunny!
Sorry! Ow!
Hi. We'd like
two noodle...
We're not open yet!
This is not right.
Whoa!
This is a total disaster.
Now I'm gonna
disappoint everyone.
My dad, the Furious Five, Shifu.
And me. I'm not dead yet.
What kind of Dragon Warrior am I
if I can't even pull off a dinner?
I guess kung fu
can't solve everything.
That's it!
Bunny, you're brilliant!
Mantis! Crane! Monkey!
This may be our
greatest challenge ever.
- Bandits?
- Raiders?
No. Place settings.
Tigress! The Tahlia Leap!
- On it.
- Viper! Stars of Destiny!
Yeah!
Mantis! Pinwheel Attack!
Oh, yeah!
You guys are the best.
And you, Bunny... if you even want me
to think about your "death with honor,"
you're gonna have to help me
in the kitchen. Let's go!
Twenty-nine place settings, 40
chopsticks each. We did it! We did it!
Every detail just right.
- Even down to the ground jasmine.
- Ground jasmine?!
It was supposed to be flaked!
I'll be right back.
Hurry! The Masters are arriving!
I promised Shifu it would
be perf...
- Happy Feast!
- Yeah, same to you!
Whoa, hey. Look out. Dragon
Warrior comin' through!
OK, hurry, Po, hurry, Po.
- You made it.
- Of course! I'd never miss it.
- It looks so yummy!
- Eat up.
Here you go!
Thanks, Daddy.
Beautiful. Elegant.
Perfect.
You've made me proud.
All 29 Kung Fu
Schools and their Masters.
Excellent. Excellent.
Po!
Dragon Warrior,
would you honor us
by reciting the opening words
to the Creed of the Masters?
- Po?
- I can't, Master Shifu.
I thought you
might forget the words, Po,
so I took the liberty of
writing them on your napkin.
Let me ju...
That's not it.
No, no, everyone, please.
OK. Please don't...
You don't have to...
OK, well, they're off.
Anyway... let me
just say something.
The Creed of the Masters
is amazing.
It's, like,
the coolest creed ever.
And... you Masters...
how cool are you guys?
I don't even
have to tell you.
Master Rhino? Forget about it!
You're more
awesomely skilled and...
...you know, wrinkly than
I'd ever dreamed you'd be.
And Master Sheep?
Fluffy and incredible.
- It's true.
- The Five?
It's just such an honor
to be here with all you guys.
My heroes.
But every Feast, my dad and I
spend all day cooking together.
And the whole neighborhood shows up.
And it gets really loud and crazy,
and my Uncle Yang ends up laughing
so hard, noodles spurt out his nose.
- I'd like to see that.
- Me, too.
So... I wish I could
stay and be a good host,
but I think I need
to leave and...
- ...be a good son.
- What... What's going on?
- What are we supposed to...?
- Po! Come back here!
I used to love
cooking with my sisters.
- The folk dances.
- The games. The music.
Whoa, wait.
What about our traditions?
Who will recite the Creed?
Somebody do something!
- Whoa...
- I got that, Dad.
Po?
You came!
Oh, Po, I'm sorry
I made you feel so guilty.
Nah, don't be. That's what
the holidays are all about.
Now, don't we have
some cookin' to do?
- It needs...
- Garlic.
Table for five?
Hey, Po!
- You guys! Welcome!
- Happy holiday, Po.
- The more, the merrier!
- Thank you, Mr. Ping.
The little one pays full
price but eats like a child.
Welcome!
Master Rhino, come sit with me!
Master Wo Hop.
I believe this belongs to you.
The Golden Ladle?
Thank you, Dragon Warrior.
Now, I have restored my honor
and the honor of my village!
Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy...
it's Uncle Yang!
Oh, Po, why did you ruin
something that was perfect?
I don't understand.
Come back here! I got ya!
Then, the Crocodile
Thief pounced!
Peek-a-boo!
I'm gonna get you.
- Oh, Po?
- I got you, Dad.
This is perfect.
There's always room
for one more at Mr. Ping's.
Oh, no. I really don't
want to disturb anyone.
You go and enjoy your party.
I'm not gonna enjoy it
without you.
Oh, no, I couldn't.
These are your people.
- This is your family.
- You're my family, too, Shifu.
Now, come on.
That soup
does smell delicious.
Po, wait.
What goes on in your head I
really don't always understand.
But what goes on in your
heart will never let us down.
Thanks, Shifu. Come on.
Hey, guys, look who's here!
- Master Shifu's here!
- It's good to see you, Master Shifu!
And it's good
to be here, Mr. Ping.
Sit, sit, sit, sit!
Thanks for comin', everyone!
Watch out, little one...
I'm hosting the Feast
Toasting the Feast
I'm going to be
doing the Feast
Servin' it up
Right in your cup
Makin' a Feast to remember!
I've never hosted
hosted a Feast before
That won't stop me
from serving some boar
Fried boar!
On-the-side boar
Yeah.